Add `basePath` option (#18)
sindresorhus/clean-stack: readme.md

`/Users/sindresorhus/dev/clean-stack/unicorn.js:2:15` → `~/dev/clean-stack/unicorn.js:2:15`

##### basePath

> Type: `string`<br>
> Default: `undefined`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type: `string?`
```

> Remove all occurences of `basePath`. Useful for removing absolute paths.

Reviewer: I think this be clearer about it only removing the start of stack trace paths.

Author: I guess we can match for the starting `(`, but I'm not totally sure it's always there.

Author: I guess we can match `/(at | \()/` to catch both ` (/path` and `at /path`.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/sindresorhus/clean-stack/pull/18/commits/8386b39f24e9558d5ec1a470f8a98a4411a5752a.

> Removes `basePath` from file paths, effectively turning absolute paths into relative ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove the given base path from stack trace file paths, effectively turning absolute paths into relative ones.
```
